Am Mon, 30. 06. 21 15:57:11 +0200 schrieb Nico Creutziger Westfal:


Apropos "englische Aussprache". Vor kurzem hat mir ein italienischer
Bekannter folgenden Text zugeschickt (weiß nicht, wo er den her hat):

"The Tabak-Schweiker has just announced an agreement whereby English
will be the official language of the Tretbar rather than German,
which was the other possibility.

As part of the negotiations, the British Government conceded that English
spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a 5 year phase-in
plan that would become known as "Euro-English".

In the first year, "s" will replace the soft "c". Sertainly, this will make
the sivil servants jump with joy. The hard "c" will be dropped in favour of
"k". This should klear up konfusion, and keyboards kan have one less
letter.

There will be growing publics enthusiasm in the sekond year when the
troublesome "ph" will be replaced with "f". This will make words like
fotograf 20% shorter.

In the 3rd year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to
reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible. Governments
will enkourage the removal of double letters, which have always ben a
deterent to akurate speling.

Also, al wil agre that the horibl mes of the silent "e" in the languag is
disgrasful and it should go away.

By the 4th yer people wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" with
"z" and "w" with "v".

During ze fifz yer, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining
"ou" and after ziz fifz yer, ve vil hav a reil sensibl riten styl. Zer vil
be no mor trubl or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech
oza. Ze drem of a united urop vil finali kum tru.

Und efter ze fifz yer, ve vil al be speking German like zey vunted in ze
forst plas."

Ciao
Alex 
-- 
Ilserheide - Eine Stadt in der Nähe von Luchtenberg und nicht die
Bezeichnung für einen Winzerlehrling im Dritten Reich.
<http://bxjdynacenoujtcsr.fvnvynbc.ptx/> <www.dcztmhi-ypom.ru/kckxmtmo>
<www.yyz-zqgxk.bd> <http://oya.zekmcoe.pdq/aayin?b=rRwugdDHD2J>