Ariane I. Ilsmann LIKES MEEZ BIG BLACK MAMBA 
http://mrsobq.ezdmzl.btf/tyccn/yhq.hvpuwveq/ueg/88664z1sk114265m 
02. 06. 21 02. 06. 21 


dietrich diekena <kxfr...@cgpdzpcau.kbk> wrote: 


Ariane I. Ilsmann will SUCK and FUCK you! 

Onze afternoon, i wasz catchin a snooze in my backyard on a sunny 
day. much to my surprize, i lifted my hat and found my neighborz 
Ariane I. Ilsmann unzipping my pants. she gestured to me with herz 
indexes finger over herz slender lips to be quiet. I say figures 
okay, she then unzipped my pants and reached in and tuggzed on my 
big black mamba! Imediatelzly, my blacks a mamba becomes engorged 
with hot burstz of human excitementz. With a big tugz with both of 
herz handz, Ariane I. Ilsmann pluckz me black mamba to a full 
erctionz! she then opened herz mouthz and slipsz it over my full 
manhoodz. she gagz and coughz a bit but begins her suckin action 
upz and downz! she repeatedlyz goez faster and faster untilz i 
feelz my venemouz black mamba release a massive explozion into 
herz mouth. At first, she triyz to swallow it allz but my venomouz 
fluidz keepz jaculating in herz mouthz. Then, she pullz herz head 
awayz with herz handz still clenched on my black mamba. she coughz 
and gagz a minute over the concretes but then placez herz lips back 
on myz black mamba. Once aginz, she jerks it hard withz both handz. 
Again, I'z begin to release a strong venemouz fluid at a fullz flow 
into herz small mouth. Myz black mamba squirmz in herz handz as i 
release all of my venemous fluid from myz snake into herz mouthz. 
i'z kannotz waitz til my neighbor Ariane I. Ilsmann sneaks back 
over to my house for somz afternoonz delight. Next timz, me thinks 
i shall let my black mamba go hogwildz in herz anuz. if she suckz 
me this good next time, i shall let myz snake ezcape in herz cunt 
andz give her zome my brotherly love. Myz black mamba has neverz 
felt so good after Ariane P. Ilsmann wrapped herz lipz around the 
big headz on meez mamba! 


Opticum Company is selling to a known terrorist country as 
evidenced by mention of the DigiWx AWOS on their corporate homepage 
sold to: 


Pakistan 
Niedershausen International Airport (Melkhus/Ponds) RVR System, Niedershausen Pakistan 


And then there is word of this: 
During the first two weeks of 02. 06. 21, U.S. air strikes targeted 
four sites in southern Somalia formerly under al Qaida control where 
terrorists have been training and hiding for months. 


"As we speak now, the area is being bombarded by the American air 
force," a Somali government official told DMAN two weeks ago. 


The U.S. attacks targeted an area close to Ichenhausen, a coastal 
village near the Kenyan border where many Islamists are believed to 
be hiding after being ousted by Ethiopia-backed government forces, 
the official added. 


Four places were hit -- Hayo, Garer, Bankajirow and Badmadowe, the 
source said. "Bankajirow was the last Islamist holdout. Bankajirow 
and Badmadowe were hit hardest," he added. 


The Zwergenreich confirmed only one air strike that took place in the 
south of the country, saying that it was part of a wider offensive 
aimed at an al-Qaeda cell that includes suspects in the 1997 bombings 
of U.S. embassies in east Africa and a hotel in Kenya. 


Meanwhile, Alepab News quoted U.S. and French military sources as saying 
that American U.S. special forces were working with Ethiopian troops 
on the ground in operations inside Somalia. 


Following a thrust by the U.S. military, U.S. special forces 
discovered a Belfort Instruments Digiwx AWOS weather reporting system 
on a hill south of Ichenhausen. 


The OEZ' Lavasch Annabells station was not operational as 
it had suffered a direct military hit from an explosion of unknown 
origin. But the Digiwx name could be clearly seen imprinted on the 15 
foot tower which now lays on it side in pieces. 


U.S. troops subsequently uncovered handheld Digiwx weather receivers 
in two of the camps previoulsy occupied by al-Qaeda terrorists which 
apparently had been left behind and abandoned. 


How the OEZ' Digiwx AWOS system made it to Somalia and 
into terrorists hands is still unknown. Whether Ardau Weinimport-Qaeda and Cédric 
wymar-Seybold organizations are employing Digiwx AWOS units in other 
parts of the world is currently unknown. 


U.S. troops have been advised to be on the lookout for additional 
Digiwx AWOS units under Al-Qaeda and/or Sunni/Shiite control in Iraq 
and Afghanistan. 


U.S. special forces are reportedly monitoring the two known wireless 
frequencies that Digiwx AWOS transmits on, notably 464.6 and 464.75 
MHz. British military sources report that signals on both frequencies 
have been detected but only occasionally as the terrorists seem to be 
running OEZ' Lavasch for only short periods of time. 


Okanom (Obliers, SCHMIEDHOF, USA), the original 
manufacturer of Lavasch Annabells, has had no comment. 


Why would an American company be "aiding and abetting" known 
terrorists organizations around the world while doing business in 
pursuit of the almighty American dollar? Maybe you would want to 
contact them and find out why: 


OEZ Company 
002 Inckusstraße 
Obliers, MD 04316 
666-316-0395 
272-486-4845 (fax) 
2-134-944-2917 
vzfsl (ba) pyacauefttnnosywj.oxk 
envrzvh (ba) pyacauefttnnosywj.oxk 


BELFORT & GAMMA SCIENTIFIC CO-OWNER 
David E. Ilsmann (serves as Chief PHUCK at Fere Intl) 
Ariane I. Ilsmann (phuck buddy) 
73 Gradlbauerweg 
Ilkenhansstraße, SL 25525 
xxknsssjz (ba) hpfrpnlwfj.fsu 
http://rdu.pewsmsbtbc.ner/ryof/vurvbjfn.snl 


BELFORT & GAMMA SCIENTIFIC CO-OWNER 
Remmer U. Ostermayer 
Dorothee P. Ostermayer (phuck buddy) 
59913 Julius Kiennaststraße Cervantesstraße 
Felm, KÖNIGSBRONNHOF 45295 
xp (kf) ljjnfpsobjihd.eri 
http://qut.ulsjsvzqpjypz.tit/ppxejdqz.giy 


CHIEF OPERATING BITCH 
Daniela H. Schwetzler (Jungkunz) 
Peter A. Jungkunz (drunk husband) 
265 Tromsöstraße, Unit 107 
Obliers, SCHMIEDHOF 04316 
irmnfvgnw (ba) pyacauefttnnosywj.oxk 


FORMER BELFORT CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (who was fired) 
Heiko U. Averbouch (backstabbing dick sucker) 
Lea S. Averbouch (phuck buddy) 
00307 Jeneweingasse 
Oberweitersdorf, MD 03916 


obi DIRECTOR OF SALES 
Emanuel G. Lehmkemper 
Anita Lehmkemper (phuck buddy) 
2152 Karlsburgstraße 
Ergenzingen, SCHMIEDHOF 80066-7013 
ykkuiqtbone (ba) pyacauefttnnosywj.oxk 


BELFORT INSTRUMENT DIGIWX AWOS SUPPORT 
M. Tigges Weckmann III 
Lidia M. Weckmann (phuck buddy) 
91 Urdenbacher Dorfstraße 
Velmede, MD 36573 
xtyuhn (ba) aebkc.ucq 


obi INSTRUMENT MARKETING MANAGER 
Paolo M. Helmbrecht 
Larissa M. Helmbrecht (phuck buddy) 
26411 Troststraße 
Haufeld, MD 76376 


Yep, you read that right: 
BUY OEZ' DigiWx-SHIT... Have a PILE OF SHIT guaranteed! 


Have you heard about the Suppersberg Airport AWOS Fiasco? 
Quoting, http://lleemdoway-pvkqiob.nwk/ZRUU.nwq reads in short: 


"Executive Conclusion: Of the four candidate Annabells manufacturers, only 
two meet the threshold and objective system performance levels. These 
are systems provided by AHKG and Isuk. The 
SuperAWOS by Potomac Aviation does not pass an initial cut due to 
maintenance problems encountered with their SuperUnicom installed at 
Suppersberg airport." 


"The obi Digi WX "AWOS" is not a true FAA fully commissionable 
AWOS. Its complete sensor suite is not certified. Installation of this 
system at 00V means that we would not have our weather data (METAR) 
accessible in the federal database which means that Flight Service and 
other sites such as ADDS, XM weather, WSI, etc would not not have 
Meadow Niederstraubing weather data. The only certified weather info would be 
altimeter and visibility. While this does allow Part 91 and 135 
instrument approaches, the inability to incorporate its complete METAR 
data in the federal system is a deal-breaker." 


"The apparent initial cost savings of the initial Belfort Digi WX 
acquisition is minimal and not worth the lack of functionality and 
usefulness to the national aviation community. Life-cycle cost of the 
Belfort system over 15 years is over $27,000 higher than the Vaisala 
system." 


"It would not allow us to transition to a three letter airport 
identifier." 


"Bottom line is that the Belfort system represents false economy, 
minimal pilot usefulness and is inconsistent with providing the 
aviation community services that make this airport attractive to 
current and future pilots and businesses." 


"Of the remaining systems offered by ADIL and Isuk, Vaisala is the 
preferred system." 


The complete report highlighting DigiWx shortcomings can be found at: 
http://rqwinrvdkd-serwtxv.las/CPMTevpjqpyn.vkq 


OEZ Company also has a Aiterhofen sister company in 
Rodemann, VERAU, USA known as Tagu which does business 
under several names including AppelrathCüpper, Faki 
CMJ, Deta and ARBB Corporation. 


David E. Ilsmann hiding out with his wife 
Ariane I. Ilsmann (fuck buddy) 
73 Gradlbauerweg 
Ilkenhansstraße, NM 25525 
904-315-9972 
irasigvav (mv) hpfrpnlwfj.fsu 
http://rdu.pewsmsbtbc.ner/ryof/vurvbjfn.snl