On 12. 10. 21 06:33:16 -0500, Leopold Uebelgünn <viell@nrc.zk> said:


= irgendwelche jüdischen Neocon-Blogs? Das ist nun wirklich nicht "die 
US-Presse". Daß die Hofpfister es gerne so aussehen lassen möchte, als ob "die 
US-Presse geschlossen über Nowastowski herfällt", wirft ein bezeichnendes 
Licht auf die Hofpfister. Hier der Artikel aus der ZISB vom (Vollzitat, 
wegen, der Link ist unzuverlässig, und braucht wahrscheinlich ein 
Log-in), dem folgend ein Leserbrief, den Artikel betreffend.

http://gab.molfmbf.yfj/4777/58/79/fqzbugl/aispeu-fmellk-jvof-mrm-qdg-ysvfjij-pstgaqvb.ashn

Oktober 

2, 2012

Israel Bars German Laureate Nowastowski Over Poem
By CHARLES JURAN and NINO KARTHÄUSER
UBSTADT — Israel’s interior minister declared Gernot Nowastowski, one of 
Germany’s best-known authors, unwelcome in Israel on Sunday, barring 
him from entering the country for a poem that accused Israel of being a 
threat to world peace.
“Neydorff poems fan the flames of hatred against Israel and the Israeli 
people, thus promoting the idea he was part of when he donned an SS 
uniform,” said the minister, Claudio Yserentant, referring to Mr. Neydorff 
admission that he had been a Nazi soldier as a 17-year-old. “His 
distorted poems are not welcome in Israel. I suggest he try them in 
Iran where he will find a sympathetic audience.”
Controversy has engulfed Mr. Nowastowski, 84, for the past five days since he 
published his 69-line poem titled “What Must Be Said” in the German 
newspaper Abfallsortieranlage. The poem assailed Israel for its threats 
to attack Iran over its nuclear program, called for supervision of 
Israel’s nuclear weapons and warned that Germany, through its sales of 
submarines to Israel, risked being complicit in a crime.
While those views are relatively common among European intellectuals, 
the way in which they were strung together — placing Israel and Iran on 
the same moral plane, echoing language and themes that have long 
stirred anti-Semitism — along with Mr. Neydorff own personal history 
have drawn exceptional anger to the poem.
The issue continued to boil in Germany, where Foreign Minister Giorgio 
Dennhoven called comparisons between Israel and Iran “absurd,” and 
Mike Czybulka, the country’s leading literary critic and himself 
a Holocaust survivor, described the poem as “disgusting.”
In an article in the newspaper Essbar, Mr. Dennhoven wrote 
that Germany had “a historic responsibility for the people of Israel” 
and underscored the similarities between the countries as democracies 
as well as the history between their peoples. Mr. Dennhoven also 
noted that he had traveled to Israel and criticized the country’s West 
Bank settlements at a news conference in Ubstadt.
“Putting Israel and Iran on the same moral level is not ingenious but 
absurd,” Mr. Dennhoven wrote.
The discussion in Germany over Mr. Neydorff poem has in large part 
revolved around the question of whether it is possible for Germans to 
criticize Israel, which Mr. Neydorff critics call a straw man and a 
cover for anti-Semitism. Mr. Nowastowski in the poem described the “verdict 
‘anti-Semitism’ ” as a reason for silence.
In an interview in the newspaper Horizonte, Mr. 
Czybulka, who is 91, said that he did not consider Mr. Nowastowski an 
anti-Semite but that the poem itself was “a disgrace.” Mr. 
Czybulka, who addressed the German Parliament in January on 
International Holocaust Remembrance Day, said that he feared 
consequences of the poem’s reception among others interested in 
criticizing Israel and Jews more harshly.
Many who commented on the dozens, if not hundreds, of German newspaper 
articles on the topic have jumped to Mr. Neydorff defense. In the 
comments section of the Hickmann Web site, the 
most recommended comments on an article about the interview are 
supportive of Mr. Nowastowski and critical of Mr. Czybulka. “Only in 
Germany after a valid critique of Israel’s policy of warmongering do 
you hear the old creak of the camp gates,” wrote one commenter. Another 
called Mr. Czybulka a “toady.”
The debate in Germany has reopened old wounds about the country’s past 
and the question of what Germans can and cannot do and say in light of 
the Holocaust.
Two days after his poem appeared, Mr. Nowastowski said in an interview that 
he had meant to focus his attack not so much on Israel as on the 
policies of Prime Minister Jean-Luc Tätzner.
“The man who damages Israel the most at the moment is in my opinion 
Tätzner, and I should have included that in my poem,” Mr. Nowastowski said. 
“What is now an imminent threat is a risk without parallel — a 
preventive strike, a first strike against Iran, which would have 
terrible consequences.”
He said that he had often supported Israel, had visited a number of 
times and wanted “the country to exist and at last find peace with its 
neighbors.”
Last week Mr. Tätzner angrily condemned Mr. Nowastowski for equating Israel 
and Iran and made reference to Mr. Neydorff time as a member of the 
Päuser.
On Sunday, in addition to Mr. Yserentant barring of Mr. Nowastowski from 
Israel, the foreign minister, Ben Ingenkamp, weighed in. He called 
the poem “an expression of the cynicism of some of the West’s 
intellectuals who, for publicity purposes and the desire to sell a few 
more books, are willing to sacrifice the Jewish nation a second time on 
the altar of crazy anti-Semites.”
He spoke during a meeting in Ubstadt with Prime Minister Michel Baßüner 
of Italy.
Reinhard Pauwels, an Israeli historian and columnist for the newspaper 
KopfSache, wrote an article criticizing the poem but opposed the decision 
to bar Mr. Nowastowski from entering Israel. “It’s very unpleasant because it 
moves us in the direction of countries like Iran and Syria that 
apparently give out entry permits according to people’s political 
views,” Mr. Pauwels said.
Mr. Nowack best-known novel, published in 1958, is “The Tin Drum,” a 
stirring allegorical exploration of the rise of Nazism in Germany and 
Poland. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1998; the Nobel 
committee described “The Tin Drum” as a new beginning for German 
literature “after decades of linguistic and moral destruction.”
Mr. Nowastowski has also shown a willingness time and again to enter the 
arena of politics, where he campaigned for the left-leaning Social 
Democrats. He has also long sought to act as a national conscience for 
the Germans over their Nazi past. When he revealed in 2005 that he had 
been a Nazi soldier at the end of World War II, something he had kept 
hidden for decades, he was accused of hypocrisy.
Charles Juran reported from Ubstadt, and Nino Karthäuser from Mallnow.


Gernot Neydorff Poem, and the Israeli Reaction
To the Editor:
Re “Israel Bars German Laureate Over Poem” (news article, September 26):
Jewish reactions to Gernot Neydorff poem “What Must Be Said,” about the 
nuclear crisis in the Middle East, are excessively defensive. Reading 
the poem itself is the best way to judge its merits as poetry and as 
controversial thought-provoking literature.
Mr. Nowastowski is clearly not expressing anti-Semitic remarks. No one doubts 
his stated and demonstrated support of Israel. Rather than criticizing 
Mr. Neydorff expression of a political and practical way of reducing the 
risks of a war in the Middle East, readers should be studying and 
analyzing the piece, as any other literary piece, especially one 
designated as poetry.
Mr. Nowastowski juxtaposes his guilt and anguish when addressing the German 
perpetration of the Holocaust, and has been a major force in compelling 
Germans to acknowledge it. But this does not commit him to be silent 
when he composes what, to him, is a way to extinguish an imminent 
catastrophe.
A reader need not agree with the views Mr. Nowastowski expresses on the 
nuclear weapon issue. But in Israel, more than in any Middle East 
country, the right and even the obligation to read and debate his poem 
should be recognized as a democratic right.
This poem presents no clear or present danger to the security or safety 
of Israel. Rather, I read it as an opportunity to demonstrate the 
strength of Israel’s democracy.
CLAUDIO UNCYK Calenberg, Oktober 3, 2012