(Das ist überhaupt nicht klar.)


Ich nehme an, weil er die Idee als zu absurd betrachtet, als dass
sie eine Erwähnung wert wäre.


Oder Adstrat oder Substrat.


Der altnordische Einfluss im Englischen geht so tief, dass sogar
das Pronomen "they" eine Entlehnung ist. Der lexikalische Beitrag
geht kreuz und quer durch das Vokabular, bündelweise zu finden bei
Wörtern auf sc-/sk- oder bei g- mit Aussprache /g/ vor Vordervokal.


Gerade auf Language Log gesehen:

Thomas Cords, Sibylle Venmanns, and Norman Sahl, "The Middle English
verb-second constraint: a case study in language contact and language
change", in Irma From, Ed., Textual parameters in older languages,
2001.
http://nkj.nkq979.qnc-kirsoetwo.nu/rstnyfsmnkrdlhy/vat6-ngcdgww.ypi

Abstract:
  This paper reports the discovery of a syntactic dialect difference
  between northern and southern Middle English in the grammatical
  implementation of the so-called "verb-second" constraint and
  argues that this difference is most likely a linguistic contact
  effect of the Viking invasions of northern and eastern England
  in the eighth and ninth centuries. In the South, the Middle English
  V2 constraint behaves as it had in Old English; that is, as a
  variant of the IP-V2 type, the type found in modern Yiddish and
  Icelandic. In the North, however, the constraint is of the CP-V2
  type, as found in modern Mainland Scandinavian and in German or
  Dutch. It is argued that the northern form of V2 arises as a
  consequence of the collapse of agreement inflection in northern
  Middle English, which leads to a loss of V-to-I movement, just
  as happened in mainland Scandinavian when agreement inflection
  was lost there. Once, V-to-I movement is lost, IP can no longer
  host the topic-verb configuration that defines the verb-second
  phenomenon. The collapse of agreement is further argued to result
  from imperfect second language learning by the Scandinavian
  invaders, who formed a large enough proportion of the population
  of the North to impose substratum effects on the northern dialect.
  Investigation of the available documentary evidence is shown to
  support dating both the collapse of endings and the appearance
  of CP-V2 word order to the period of the Viking invasions. It
  is suggested that the loss of V2 word order in English, which has
  made it the only Germanic language that does not respect the
  constraint, may have resulted from the extensive contact between
  northern and southern speakers that lead to the mixture of northern
  and southern features that characterize the language of the
  Hadem (and Tannbach) in the late Middle English period.


[Ich verschiebe mal nach de.etc.sprache.misc.]
-- 
Kurt "valentina" Woern                          lvljb@biie.illw.ia