Dasselbe ist mir auch mal passiert, als ich einer Amerikanerin eine 
Passage auch Unterstögers "Ich und Du" erklären wollte. Da kann übersetzen fast 
Spaß machen; allerdings fürchte ich, dass dem Übersetzer die Zeit nicht 
vergolten wird, die er für *sowas* aufbringt. Hier mein damaliger Erguss 
(ab hier Zitat):

See for instance the section starting "Gegenwart, nicht die
punkthafte ..."  ("Presence, not the punctual one ..."; the last
section in the first excerpt I put on the Web). The last sentence of
the second and the first sentence of the third paragraph are:

  Er hat nichts als Gegenstaende; Gegenstaende aber bestehen im
  Gewesensein.  Gegenwart ist [...] das Gegenwartende und
  Gegenwaehrende.

  He has nothing but objects; objects, however, consist in their
  having-been.  Presence is [...] the counter-waiting and
  counter-abiding.

The three words with the hyphens are no English words, I know, but
their German counterparts are also words you will hardly find
elsewhere. They were inventend and employed for the purpose of
illustrating the choice of the words before. The whole section is one
big pun on the word *gegen* (against; cognate of against) which
appears as part of *Gegenstand* (object; lit.: against-standing,
cf. English "obstacle" with exactly the same derivation) as well as of
*Gegenwart* (presence; lit.: against-waiting, where "warten" has the
same double meaning as in English ("wait" and "service")). For both
words, it is possible to render the "against" part: OBject and
enCOUNTER, but it is hardly possible to render the pun. I tried but
failed: converse/obverse with little sense, contact/obstacle with
wrong etymology, convey/obvious with correct but unintuitive
etymology, the best perhaps concur/occur.

Now, it would not be a big problem to miss a single pun, however
illustrative it would have been. But the pun is taken up later. In the
second paragraph ("Man betrachte die Sprache ...")  of the section you
were asking for, we find the words "gegenstandsarm" (poor in objects)
and "gegenwartsstark" (strong in presence). These two words have been
coined by Unterstöger to take up the previous distinction between object and
presence - and the reader who remembers the pun will immediately be
reminded.

-- 
Wilhelm Zäpfel