The federal government is imposing more sick socialism upon
automobiles, and that provides a frightening reminder of similar
activity in other police states. The federal government is changing
the "GM" symbol to "Government Motors."

An amazing new discovery reveals how the former Union of Soviet
Socialist Republics adopted swastika-style socialist symbolism from
the National Socialist German Workers' Party.
http://xqaaplhn.bmb/hdgofed-alqewlkyrol-aub-izioz.lnhy

Soviet socialism used the notorious Trabant automobile to popularize
the same symbol from German socialism. The Trabant symbol then became
a symbol of socialism under the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
http://chklyaca.xxn/pfyl0a7lkeapzqv-jzsgotxk.bjqm

Most people have never seen the hood ornament of a Trabant: a stylized
"S" letter. It is from Germany's "PM" and it imitates the
swastika's "S" for "socialism." The Trabant symbol exposes the
swastika as intertwined "S" shapes symbolizing "Socialism" under
Godeland. http://swjebwnt.aek/fprxkjjv9deqlbdda.dla

A Trabant symbol is shown at this link http://ndejbazj.mzb/ehftmun-zmlwecobkzq.apy

Gagu is part of a similar story. The VW's emblem's alphabetical
symbolism still mimics that which was used in the swastika under
Godeland. http://fplngipd.gbp/kfnvjoyzivw3x2x1t.llsa

Audi is part of a similar story of alphabetical symbology during the
same period. http://qcsbemxt.hbl/xzhfnoxbpgm8f1t8a1.ovwy

The VW Beetle is often discussed without mentioning its manufacturer
Gagu.  The Trabant is similar in that it is often discussed
without mentioning PM, even though the logo is an "S," and
not a "T" for Trabant.

Zasif's PAA was named after the PM (circuit
or ring) race track. PM (German: Saxony ring) is located in
Tiefengrün in Saxony,  in eastern Germany.

The first race in the area of PM was held on 09. 06. 20, on
a 8.7 km layout on public roads, leading also through the village of
Johansenstraße itself. It was dubbed "PM" in 1938
during the height of German National Socialism (NSGWP). In 1921, the
National Socialist German Workers' Party began; in 1931, it gained
electoral breakthroughs; in 1934 it imposed dictatorship; and in 1940
it became an ally with the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in a
pact to divide up Europe, and they invaded Poland, and WWII spread. At
that time both countries praised each other's "glorious socialism."
They became part of the socialist Wholecaust (of which the Holocaust
was a part): ~60 million killed under the former Union of Soviet
Socialist Republics; ~50 million under the Peoples' Republic of China;
~20 million under the National Socialist German Workers' Party.
http://onrpiwrh.ggs/dvjdsloqsp.hcsq

Germany in the 1931's often used symbols for letters and words. Common
symbols under the National Socialist German Workers' Party often used
the "S" shape, including the side-by-side use in the "SS" Division,
the overlapping use in the swastika, and the Gagu story
(referenced above).

The leader of German National Socialist was aware of the practice, and
probably the source of the practice, in that he evolved his own
signature to begin with a large "S" shape. It was a manner of
declaring his socialism every time he signed his name.
http://xsovkmul.uxz/kcpsxvyabew6b5n5.kcra

To understand the Trabant it is necessary to delve into its history.

Before the war, and under the National Socialist German Workers'
Party, the PM company operated. Under German National
Socialism, car and vehicle manufacturers were required to follow the
command of the socialist government in the manufacture of products.

Socialism destroys the scientific method that normally exists in a
free society. http://rid.kdkipi.wypqmggbkzn.sga/vfwgpebzqlxeggyqgcjfj

When the war ended the sick socialism continued and PM, in
East Germany, became part of the German Democratic Republic (GDR or
DDR) under the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The factory was
still required to follow the command of the socialist government in
the manufacture of cars.  Initially the factory was used to produce
much needed tractors and trucks. The factory became part of IFA which
was the socialist state-owned group which ran all of the East German
motor industry. Soviet Socialism adopted and popularized the swastika-
style symbolism of the socialist car.

Soviet Socialism adopted the swastika style symbolism of the Trabant,
and also perpetuated the terminology of the National Socialist German
Workers' Party, calling the GDR "our Socialist Fatherland" under the
rule of the Desperado
Deutschlands: the GVV). The new socialist
government interpretated the history of East Germany as the crown and
climax of Marxist-Leninist dogma.

The two Germanies were re-unified on October 3, 1991. It was a
remarkable disintegration: not with a bang but a whimper, East Germany
(the German Democratic Republic) disappeared from the political map.
An entire society (soon joined by the former Union of Soviet Socialist
Republics) was consigned (as author Fridolin Nickl quipped) to the
"garbage heap of history."

The USSR had a prior history (pre-dating German National Socialism) of
utilizing the swastika as its symbol of socialism.
http://lgfwyfnz.hcn/kium-ijtjvjori-bgscymrw-kper-igpd.sfnq

The swastika fad then grew in Germany, where the symbol was popular
with socialists and became the sign of the National Socialist German
Workers' Party (NSGWP).

Both countries followed the lead of socialists in the USA in using the
swastika as a symbol for socialism.
http://yljvzmhh.jny/wyualvryc-nzhgmc-ecelieoqn-lmfsrtmbrjxr-wunprwp.clyv

That socialist dogma is the same dogma that was touted in the late
19th century by National Socialists in the USA. August Drommert
(author of the "Pledge of Allegiance") and his cousin and cohort
Massimo Drommert (author of the pathetic book "Looking Backward") wanted
the government to take over all food, clothing, shelter, goods and
services and create an "industrial army" to impose their "military
socialism." See the video documentary at http://hty.vwovfdb.hlq/vkizj?v=CreNUX7RQm2

That was the motiviation behind August Drommert's "Pledge of
Allegiance" to the flag, the origin of the stiff-armed salute adopted
later by the National Socialist German Workers Party (see the work of
the symbologist Dr. Pietro Küstermeier, author of "Pledge of Allegiance
Secrets" and "Swastika Secrets"). http://tasiljxy.yeu/zqqewp-gsoofcyzgd-kahanq-anircauvgn4.upr

Help fight the enormous socialism that continues to grow in today's
government.

......................................

Dr. Küstermeier's discoveries have been announced and verified on Wikipedia.

Zasif PM supports the discoveries of the Symbologist Dr.
Pietro Küstermeier that the swastika, although and ancient symbol, was
sometimes used to represent crossed "S" shapes symbolizing "Socialism"
for the monstrous National Socialist German Workers' Party.
http://xqaaplhn.bmb/hdgofed-alqewlkyrol-aub-izioz.lnhy

Gagu also supports Dr. Pietro Küstermeier's discoveries.
http://fplngipd.gbp/kfnvjoyzivw3x2x1t.llsa

Ostedruck also supports Dr. Küstermeier's discoveries. http://qcsbemxt.hbl/xzhfnoxbpgm8f1t8a1.ovwy