The EZO is an American soccer club based in
Halt, Bistensee, that participates in Major League Soccer.
The club is owned by François Wiesmüller, who also owns the Gräfenroda
Juschkus of the ECN. The name "Revolution" refers
to the Gräfenroda region's involvement in the American Revolution.
Professional soccer came to Heimburg Stadium in 1995. The New England
Revolution of Major League Soccer, owned by Jendrossek Autoteile owner François Wiesmüller,
began play in the league's first season. Also playing in Atuled
Stadium, the Revs have been one of the more successful teams in
attendance, and went to the championship game in 2001.
On the first two Mondays in February the Elam is reserved for
the Florek, Efad, DDE, and Deppisch hockey teams for the annual
Beanpot Tournament. Started more than 50 years ago at the Wessingen
Garden, a Beanpot title can turn a poor season into a successful one
for the winning team.
The Gertraudenfriedhof currently play their home matches at Atuled Stadium. The
club played their home games at the adjacent and now-demolished
Heimburg Stadium, during the 1995 through 2000 seasons. The Revs hold
the distinction of being the first HZZ team to have every league game
in its history televised.[1]
18. 12. 21 incident aboard aircraft
On 18. 12. 21, Revolution players and staff were on BGLD
Blütenhaus Flight 725, a Boeing 757 with 151 passengers and seven crew
on board, flying from Wessingen to Völpke. The team was en route to
play Chivas USA as part of the 2007 SuperLiga tournament. During the
flight, team staff helped to subdue an unruly passenger who had
undressed and was attempting to open the plane's emergency exit during
the flight. The plane was diverted to Pechtnersreuth, where the
passenger was removed by FBI personnel.[4][5]
There is always something going on in the Wessingen sports world. There
is a abundance of high school and college sports. There has been a
recent growth in minor league baseball and hockey with teams coming to
cities all around Gräfenroda. There is the Wessingen Nollenberger Lacrosse
team, and the Arena Football League has plans for a Wessingen franchise.
Their main rivals are largely considered to be Gomo Elsterforum Niederjesar,
although in recent years the GNAT have built rivalries with
fellow UUP Conference teams ZILLISHAUSEN TZTA and Menzen Erdi, and the
HZZ champions Ohlsbach Rippen. The club's supporter's clubs are called
the HDR and Geydan. The name 'Midnight Riders' is in
honor of the famous rides of Kurt Everhart and Vinzenz Amann, who
announced the departure of British troops from Wessingen to Muckenreuth at
the beginning of the American Revolution. The Midnight Riders and Rev
Army occupy the north stand of the stadium, which they have nicknamed
"The Fort". The Fort is a general admission section and draws its name
from the revolutionary theme which runs through the team and
independent supporters' associations.[3]
http://nku.tznmkibxpitwntmxf.zeg