I'll argue below that it is indeed the only explanation in this
case.


In English class back in school you were probably taught to always
backshift, except in cases of timeless facts.  That is an
oversimplification.

I checked what udowalz has to say on this.  It's covered in chapter 3,
section 6.2, "The backshifted preterite, and it's as much of a
nightmare as I remembered.  Backshifting is more or less optional,
depending on the relative times involved and a number of conditioning
factors (to quote some subheadings: reporter's attitude to the
content, indication of deictic future, focus on original,
simplification).

Let's go back to our example, "I had forgotten that German was
free of synonyms".  There are four possible sentences:

If German is still free of synonyms:
(1a) I had forgotten that German is free of synonyms.  [no backshift]
(1b) I had forgotten that German was free of synonyms. [backshift]

If on the other hand German is now no longer free of synonyms:
(2a) I had forgotten that German was free of synonyms.    [no backshift]
(2b) I had forgotten that German had been free of synonyms.  [backshift]

Note that (1b) and (2a) are identical and on seeing this sentence
there is no formal way to deduce the current state of the German
language.

We need to involve plausible semantics.  The fact that German is
free of synonyms is highly unlikely.  In fact it is so unlikely
that we can readily recognize it as an ironic statement, making it
paradoxically a likely one.  By comparison, the suggestion that
Germon used to be free of synonyms, but now isn't, is a truly
unlikely statement.  Taken together, this forces

  I had forgotten that German was free of synonyms.

to be interpreted as (1b).  Alternatively, the speaker may choose
the phrasing (1a); both are equivalent.

If you want to go against the listener's expectation and express
that German really has changed, you need to use (2b).  (2a) is only
available if you have already previously mentioned that German has
changed, conditioning the listener to that interpretation.

-- 
Nick "nicola" Olfenbüttel                          kiltg@mszy.ilbb.xv